Fluffy EOL:  enterprise docs, replace fluffy for enterprise (#9204)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/src/enterprise/architecture.md

---
title: Architecture
description: lakeFS Enterprise architecture explained!
---

# Architecture

lakeFS Enterprise extends the open-source lakeFS foundation, delivering a complete data versioning and governance solution with seamlessly integrated enterprise features like SSO, RBAC, mounting capabilities, and more.

![img.png](../assets/img/enterprise/lakefs-enterprise-architecture.png)

[1] Any user request to lakeFS via Browser or Programmatic access (SDK, HTTP
API, lakectl).

> [2] A reverse proxy (e.g., NGINX, Traefik, Kubernetes Ingress) will handle user requests between lakeFS server instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2] A reverse proxy (e.g., NGINX, Traefik, Kubernetes Ingress, Load Balanacer) will distribute requests between lakeFS server instances, SSL termination etc. Required when using more than 1 lakeFS instance.
```

[3] lakeFS Enterprise - lakeFS with additional enterprise functionality, including advanced security, compliance, audit logging, and enterprise support.

1. SSO authentication (Browser login via Azure AD, Okta, Auth0)

> 1. RBAC authorization and policy enforcement

Reviewer: Those 2 lines look out of context, like enumeration of something but very random. 
Perhaps add them to the above line i.e 
```
lakeFS Enterprise - lakeFS with additional enterprise functionality, including advanced security, SSO authentication, RBAC authorization, compliance, audit logging, and enterprise support.
```

# Architecture

lakeFS Enterprise is an extension of the open-source lakeFS foundation, providing a complete data versioning and governance solution with enterprise features seamlessly integrated, such as SSO, RBAC, mounting capabilities, and more.

![img.png](../assets/img/enterprise/lakefs-enterprise-architecture.png)

[1] Any user request to lakeFS via Browser or Programmatic access (SDK, HTTP
API, lakectl).

[2] Reverse Proxy (e.g. NGINX, Traefik, K8S Ingress): will handle user requests between lakeFS server instances

> [3] lakeFS Enterprise - A proprietary wrapper that extends lakeFS Core using submodules to provide additional enterprise functionality

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[3] lakeFS Enterprise - lakeFS with additional enterprise functionality, including advanced security, compliance, audit logging, and enterprise support.
```
